good Sun come out tomorrow but tomorrow
there'll be Sun hey hey hey Joey listen
thank you for talking to me yesterday
about that thing with my boss that
really meant a lot not a problem
oh and just so you know that guy's not
gonna be bothering you about that baby
thing anymore
what let's just say I took care of it Oh
Seymour don't worry don't worry I just
told him very nicely you don't go buying
people's babies so back off what what no
no no no no Joey he doesn't want to buy
my maybe I made that up
what oh why we would have something to
talk about so it wouldn't be awkward and
you couldn't think of anything else
you said your boss wants to buy your
baby I can't believe you yelled at my
boys something I'm gonna lose my job
what am I gonna to can always sell your
baby
Julie I cannot believe you brought my
boss into this I'm gonna get fired you
lied to me well she told me to Chandler
has two copies of Annie morning you
wanted to see me please come in have a
seat okay look mr. Zell I think it's
best that I speak first
I must leave from human resources to be
here as a witness to our conversation Oh
God
if I in any way implied that I wanted to
buy your baby I am sorry last week when
I asked you when your due date was uh I
certainly did not mean that I felt that
I was due your baby yeah I want to be
very clear done I understand that it's
your baby and that is not mine
to purchase well as long as we are clear
about that
so what happened it's all gonna be okay
they're just so happy that I'm not suing
them that they gave me one extra month
paid maternity leave so long as I
understand that the money should not be
construed as a down payment on this or
any other child that I'm a beer Wow
Ralph Lauren is really going out of
their way to show they're not in the
baby buying business
Chandler can you give us a minute oh I'm
sorry you're kicking me out of my own
living room yeah I'll be in there Joey
I'm really sorry that I lied to you I
was just trying to make things I know I
know I kind of worked I mean you know I
don't know about you but I haven't
thought about our things since all this
are you right yeah it's kind of been
like us again a little bit yeah I know
what missed that me too hmm I mean I
thought at all about how I put myself
out there and and said all that stuff
and how you didn't feel the same way
about me and and and how it was really
awkward
my gynecologist tried to kill me